fix(stdlib): Fix documentation for find method that returns null when… (#1812)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1812.fix.md

> Fixed documentation for `find` method that states that this function returns -1 in case `value` doesn't match `pattern`, but in reality returns `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed `find`’s type definition and documentation. Previously, the function advertised its return type as an integer, but never as nullable. Now it correctly states that the function returns `null` when `value` doesn’t match `pattern`.
```

Important to mention the type change as it might make configs that compiled before stop compiling due to the now required null check
